[SDCI] update instructions to disable CI Visibility for GitHub Actions (#27019)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/pipelines/github.md

Pipelines appear immediately after enabling CI Visibility for any account or repository.

### Disable CI Visiblity for GitHub Actions

To disable the CI Visibility GitHub Actions integration:

1. Go to the [CI GitHub Settings][14] page.

> 2. Choose the GitHub account that you want to disable CI Visibility for, and click on **Edit**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Choose the GitHub account that you want to disable CI Visibility for, and click **Account Enabled**.
```
